Enable editing/creating native questions in the SDK (#68138)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/sdk/questions.md

You can embed the query builder for creating new questions by passing the `questionId="new"` prop to the `InteractiveQuestion` component. You can use the [`children` prop](#customizing-interactive-questions) to customize the layout for creating new questions.

> ### Creating notebook-style questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Embed the visual query builder

You can embed the query builder for creating new questions by passing the `questionId="new"` prop to the `InteractiveQuestion` component. You can use the [`children` prop](#customizing-interactive-questions) to customize the layout for creating new questions.
```

```tsx
{% include_file "{{ dirname }}/snippets/questions/new-question.tsx" %}
```

> ### Creating native SQL questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Embed the SQL editor
```

> You can also create native SQL questions by passing `questionId="new-native"` to the `InteractiveQuestion` component. This opens the SQL editor instead of the notebook-style query builder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also embed the SQL editor to enable people to build questions with SQL by passing `questionId="new-native"` to the `InteractiveQuestion` component:
```
